Hello everyone in this video let us learn about the
top K elements pattern and solve problems using it
So how can we identify the top K elements pattern
If any problem that ask us to find the largest
or smallest of frequent K elements among a given set
of elements we can use top K element pattern
to solve it
What will be the best data structure to keep
track of top K elements
It is heap data structure because after the heapify
process the largest or smallest element in the group
will be present at the top of the heap
So if we want to find top K elements from
the given set of elements we can apply the same
heapify process for K times and get the decide
elements from the next videos
Using this top K elements pattern
Let us solve some of famous problems such as Top K Numbers, Kth Smallest Number, Top K Frequent Numbers etc.
K numbers Kate smallest number and top K frequent numbers
etc